hello everyone with you again boris
decided to remove the additions of the post loop
why its because the original
the idea did not work out initially
such was bilan dead arrow
there were no turns when contacting
but made for back heel
to Cyril pulled back Batman
washing but practice has shown that the reverse
how many works up to half
a big tower when you went out
draw out the example here as an angle up
towers over everything began to engage
side of the body and speaking gave inertia
strong simply put was the fear that
she generally breaks down what i did
again studied the Internet looked
everywhere you probably decided all the same people
probably not for nothing came up with this one
vector tag did what it means
a hinge was made on the boom of the tower
to
screed went here and so on 180
degrees here from centimeter already
a centimeter iron made an ear carved
here are such blanks dressing on
screed and all this through the bolts over here
attached the hinge attached through
amplifiers too centimeter further here
This is a turn signal made from
thick-walled pipes, too, centimeter
each pipe is taken 5 millimeters
eat with dad 5 millimeters with mom 5
millimeters so they go chamfer
chamfer rested plus another finger
holes are made at a distance of 5
millimeters apart for through
fingertip cut in the tower
Inserted sleeve in my 35 millimeters
outer diameter inner 25 and finger
25 well and
now practice has shown that
this vector thrust system
works fine is below that top
the only problem appears when
Need to say directly bottom
the box there is just the bottom of the door here
here it is a tie she interferes before
will have to come up with something here
running dog any on the back
screed is no longer a problem in principle
it has proven itself well gay though
This profile is not like that
wall force 4 millimeters i.e. he
when you start working everything rises
rests when the tension appears all
inertia disappears completely and all
inertia goes to the exhaust hood
Well , I do not know how to show well
Now the boom is now rising after
rests on the turn signal ends
that's the same
body cracks with might and main
this rack she was overwhelmed was
pull further here what else
as in the first part said that this a
god turn signal holes turned out not
coaxial to each other but there is another here
outside and therefore throw a finger through
but it’s not clear
boom swing adjustments back and forth
decreases
so I've already started quietly
six metal honestly soon more here
fat
and the first thing I thought of then put
here a sheet of fat that and edentichnye
on top of another, flood the pad with
a hole to let the finger cellar through it
into this hole
then already or adjustment will come out more
clear note
slipway pleased in principle pulls
works well well the only thing
when I throw an arrow in the direction but tom
turn signals
tower throwing away the side starts
turn out here but here too
I prepare the clamp
there will be a thick-walled yoke puffed out of long
nuts on the bolts indigenous
pneumatic wrench spun scored it all
there is not going anywhere so friends
who watched the first part about my
self-made slipway can honestly say
to work with reverse fastener even
probably from a thick pipe will not work
why because inertia appears
strong so best to do here
such a vector traction
even though it takes a lot of time for these things
hinges and material to look for but it is more
constructively it turns out so
the conclusion is what is best done
on pushing vector traction called
all all inertia
of all these elements only fingers go
2 that finger rub the middle finger on
finger i
screed goes into the car itself
unique not on bath lags and designs
stocks
so friends if anyone started doing
redo it is too late all good luck
bye everyone